Update prerender-error.mdx (#68747)
vercel/next.js: errors/prerender-error.mdx

- Make sure your component handles `fallback` if it is enabled in `getStaticPaths`. [Fallback docs](/docs/pages/api-reference/functions/get-static-paths#fallback-false)
- Make sure you are not trying to export (`output: 'export'` or `next export`) pages that have server-side rendering enabled [`getServerSideProps`](/docs/pages/building-your-application/data-fetching/get-server-side-props)
- If necessary, you can [disable server-side rendering](/docs/pages/building-your-application/optimizing/lazy-loading#with-no-ssr) for a specific component that may be attempting to use browser APIs like `window`

> - Make sure that your client side components are marked with `'use client';`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure that components which require browser APIs or client-only features have the `'use client'` directive

```

- Make sure your component handles `fallback` if it is enabled in `getStaticPaths`. [Fallback docs](/docs/pages/api-reference/functions/get-static-paths#fallback-false)
- Make sure you are not trying to export (`output: 'export'` or `next export`) pages that have server-side rendering enabled [`getServerSideProps`](/docs/pages/building-your-application/data-fetching/get-server-side-props)
- If necessary, you can [disable server-side rendering](/docs/pages/building-your-application/optimizing/lazy-loading#with-no-ssr) for a specific component that may be attempting to use browser APIs like `window`
- Make sure that components which require browser APIs or client-only features have the `'use client'` directive

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
